## NYC Collisions Dataset
### Data profiling

---

It is data of a collision accident between a person and a motor vehicle that occurred in New York in 2021. Only cases of injury or death over $1,000 were filtered out. The date and time of the incident, the location of the injury, and the police description of the incident are summarized.

[Dataset description](!https://www.kaggle.com/kukuroo3/nyc-motor-vehicle-collisions-to-person)

---

##### Data Profiling

Columns:

- CRASH_DATE: Dia em que ocorreu a colisão
- CRASH_TIME: Hora em que ocorreu a colisão
- PERSON_INJURY: Injured, killed, unspecified
- PERSON_AGE: Automatically calculated based on date of birth
- BODILY_INJURY: Injured body area (i.e. head, face, neck, etc.)
- SAFETY_EQUIPMENT: Safety equipment being used (i.e. lap belt, harness, child restraint, air bag, etc.)
- PERSON_SEX: M, F, U. Sexo da vitima envolvida no acidente
- PERSON_TYPE: Bicyclist, Motor Vehicle Occupant, Pedestrian
- PED_LOCATION: Location of the pedestrian (i.e. at intersection, not at intersection)
- CONTRIBUTING_FACTOR_2: Factors contributing to the collision for designated vehicle
- EJECTION: Indicates the following: Not ejected, partially ejected, or ejected from the vehicle
- COMPLAINT: Type of physical complaint (ex. Concussion, severe burn, severe bleeding, etc.)
- EMOTIONAL_STATUS: Apparent death, unconscious, semiconscious, etc.
- VEHICLE_ID: Unique vehicle record associated with person. Foreign Key to the vehicle table
- PERSON_ID: Person identification code assigned by system
- CONTRIBUTING_FACTOR_1: Factors contributing to the collision for designated vehicle
- POSITION_IN_VEHICLE: Seating position #1-#8 (i.e. driver, front passenger, etc.)
- PED_ROLE: Pedestrian, witness, in-line skater, other, etc.
- UNIQUE_ID: Unique record code generated by system. Primary Key for Person table.
- PED_ACTION: What the pedestrian was doing at time of crash (i.e., walking with the signal, against the signal, etc.)
- COLLISION_ID: Crash identification code. Foreign Key, matches uniqueid from the Crash table.

Dataset statistics:

- Number of variables: 20
- Number of rows: 45669
- Number of columns: 21
- Missing cells: 182118
- Missing cells (%): 19.9%
- Duplicate rows: 0
- Duplicate rows (%): 0.0%

Variable types:

- DateTime: 1
- Numeric: 4
- Categorical: 15

Missing Values:

 - SAFETY_EQUIPMENT - alguns missing values (13,7%)
 - PED_LOCATION - muitos missing values (85,6%)
 - CONTRIBUTING_FACTOR_1 - muitos missing values (85,6%)
 - CONTRIBUTING_FACTOR_2 - muitos missing values (85,7%)
 - EJECTION - alguns missing values (13,7%)
 - VEHICLE_ID - alguns missing values (14,4%)
 - PERSON_ID - todos os valores 100% distintos uns dos outros (pode ser usado como key)
 - POSITION_IN_VEHICLE - alguns missing values (13,6%)
 - UNIQUE_ID - todos os valores 100% distintos uns dos outros (pode ser usado como key)
 - PED_ACTION - muitos missing values (85,6%)
 
Outliers:

- PERSON_AGE - tem muitos outliers (valores negativos e superiores a 100)

Correlations:

- 

---

Modeling:

**target = PERSON_INJURY**

 - Classification, file = NYC_collisions_tabular.csv
 - Non-Supervised , file = NYC_collisions_tabular.csv (remove the target column)

**target = NR_COLLISIONS**

 - Forecasting, file = NYC_collisions_timeseries.csv
